What is a loop?  A loop lets you run the same code over and over and you can do some cool stuff with
it.
So right now your script is broken.
It doesn't work at all because the '$files' variable has all these file names in it and you can't actually
rename all the files to just a single word.
If you want to do a task like this, it's actually easier to just use a little loop that will go through
every single file and then do something to each one.
Loops are actually good because it can make your code reusable because you don't want to write out a
mv--mv statement--rename each of these individual files each time.
Because what if you get an IMG9915? Then you have to go in and modify your script
to rename that.
That's not tedious.
So you want to make a generic loop that can match any of these image files because they are probably
most likely start with IMG;
they'll just have a number at the end.  And then,
you want to be able to reuse your script any time you get some new pictures like these.
So the loop that we're going to make will do just that.